# Anuroy Vyas
Assignment 3
The documentation will refer to the Step 3, 4 and 5 of the assignment as described on the canvas site for the subject. 
Original Data Vizualisation

Insert Picture Here

As mentioned in the design critique, the visualization lacks on many frontiers and is not able to portray information to its primary audience in the ideal way.

Maine Issues with the Data viz:
1.	Color Scheme
2.	Information Loss
3.	Inaccurate scaling of the graphic
4.	Inability of bar graphs to provide proper comparison matrix for audience. 
To solve the aforementioned issues, a simple wireframe was created, and a subsequent third-party feedback was performed to find loopholes and drawbacks in it. 

INSERT WIREFRAME

Answers to the Feedback Questionnaire:
- Can you tell me what you think this is?
 Reviewer 1: The design looks vague and comparison is difficult to formulate.
 Reviewer 2: Bars are not accurately showcasing data.
- Can you describe to me what this is telling you?
Reviewer 1: Yes. (But it took more than 30 seconds to formulate conclusions)
Reviewer 2: No, overall vague design
- Is there anything you find surprising or confusing?
Reviewer 1: The set of emotions are confusing in general
Reviewer 2: (Couldn’t understand the data and draw inferences.) 
- Who do you think is the intended audience for this?
Reviewer 1: Statisticians, teachers, Academics
Reviewer 2: Philosophers, Psychologists
- Is there anything you would change or do differently?
Reviewer 1: Create a different visualization to make more sense of the data.
Reviewer 2: A total revamp of infographic. 

Inferences and Conclusions Drawn from the Feedback: 
1.	Explanation about the feline should be provided as an addition to the data for better understanding of the methodology.
2.	More relevant color scheme should be picked.
3.	Set of emotions should be categorized together for conveying message properly. 
4.	Use of pie chart might solve the problems faced by reviewers. 

Methodology for the Final Designs
To create a more compelling infographic for this case, a pie chart was chosen as the values were a percentage of the overall quantity (for emotions).
Donut charts were chosen to portray the primary data i.e. data related to emotions felt during statistics class. 
For an easier comparison, pie charts showing “today’s emotional responses” were inserted inside the donut chars. This drastically improved the visualization of comparison between both data sets. 
For easier analysis the explanation of the data on the webpage was used and the emotions were grouped together to create a simplified and more compelling infographic. It was realized that the aim of the study is to understand pleasant vs unpleasant affects. Hence, all the emotions were categorized based on the detailed explanation on the webpage. 

THE RESULTING INFOGRAPHIC.

It should be noted that the primary audience for this infographic does not have to academics or statisticians; and further information on the data collection methodology (feline methodology) should be explained along with the data viz. 

